as i'm sure you know and feel this is
another very sad day in america
another senseless shooting this time at
a high school
in uh parkland florida where a gunman a
former student
opened fire yesterday again 17 lives
have been lost more than a dozen people
are hospitalized
and our president as he should weighed
in on the tragic events this morning
from the white house
we are all joined together as one
american family and your suffering
is our burden also no child
no teacher should ever be in danger
in an american school agreed
no parent should ever have to fear for
their sons and daughters
when they kiss them goodbye in the
morning
agreed so i agree with both of those
statements and here's what you do to fix
that
tell your buddies in congress tell paul
ryan and mitch mcconnell and marco rubio
all the
family men who care so much about their
communities that what we need are laws
real laws that do everything possible to
keep assault rifles
out of the hands of people who are going
to shoot our kids go on tv and tell them
to do that
that is a perfect example of the common
sense you told us you were going to
bring to the white house
it's time to bring it we need it tell
these congressmen and lobbyists
who infest that swamp you said you were
gonna drain force these allegedly
christian men and women who
stuff their pockets with money from the
nra year after year after year
to do something now not later now and
don't you dare let anyone say it's too
soon to be talking about
it because he said it after vegas he
said it after sandy hook
you say that after every one of these
eight now
fatal school shootings we had in this
country this year children
are being murdered
[Applause]
we still haven't even talked about it
you still haven't done
anything about not you've literally done
nothing actually you've done worse than
nothing
you like to say this is a mental health
issue but one of your very first acts as
president mr trump
was to actually roll back the
regulations that were designed to keep
firearms out of the hands of the
mentally ill
you did that your party voted to repeal
the mandates on coverage
for mental health so i agree this is a
mental illness issue
because if you don't think we need to do
something about it you're obviously
mentally ill
and it is amazing to me
that
if one illegal immigrant causes a car
accident we've got to build a wall
to keep the rest of them out why are you
looking for solutions to that problem
and not this one every reasonable
american republican or democrat
knows that something has to be done
something and we're not doing
anything but go ahead i'll let you
finish to every parent
teacher and child who is hurting so
badly
we are here for you whatever you need
whatever we can do to ease your pain
great okay what we need and what you can
do to ease our pain
and to prevent future pain is something
eight out of ten americans agree that a
teenager shouldn't have an ar-15 so why
does a teenager
legally have an ar-15 somewhere along
the line
these guys forgot they work for us not
the nra
us and this time we're not gonna allow
you to bow your head in prayer for two
weeks
until you get it all clear and we move
on to the next thing
we're gonna make sure you do something
this time and if you agree with me
and maybe you don't but if you do here's
one way you can help go to everytown.org
all the information you need is there
and you can write to your
representatives
and call them and if they don't listen
vote them out of
office whatever you do do something
because i for one am very very
very very tired of this it's entirely
premature to be discussing about
legislative solutions defending it's
just not the time to dive into the
politics and try to score political
points
i think anybody who would politicize
this shooting should be ashamed of
themselves this is not the time to have
the discussion and it's uh it's frankly
i think insulting to the american public
right now to try to
politicize something the reaction of
democrats to any tragedy is to try to
politicize it
i'm more than happy to talk about this
in a few days right now is not the time
there's a time and place for a political
debate but now is the time to unite as a
country
this isn't a guns situation i mean we
could go into it but it's a little bit
soon to go into it
yeah no it isn't we'll be right back